In this module, we looked at answering the question, is Spring a good fit?
And we talked about the advantages of Spring,
like how most Spring projects are very stable and well engineered,
or how Spring has been around for a long time,
and it's easy to find learning resources on.
And we also discussed the disadvantages of using Spring,
like how it's hard to debug, or how sometimes it can be too magical,
and it's not always intuitive why something worked or why something happened.
And we finished out the module by discussing that there
really isn't a clear-cut answer to our question and that
every situation is different.
We saw that we really have to weigh the pros and cons of our
scenario because not every pro is a pro and not every con is a con depending on the situation.